lyrian
with the hand in which splashes
and adds that in the room saer similar
facebook and mines
we no longer have to address the issue of sexuality with his daughter the weathervane and
do it with the most appropriate way
I know that you will feel very much and only apart as a mother because as a midwife
you are on this topic then
let's see how you could p if you wanted signal from e some errors that
they committed and that we have seen in the videos
when your daughter enters laws
we need to talk
in haiti it is that to speak with me is to say in a way intui xinhua
and above all they also use a non-verbal kessel language of gestures
which is when you the gardens
the intimate brochures of it and that denotes therefore a
she said humiliation is difficult because if karate of strong than that of
She also gives you a great base of whole wheat flours
we can not try to be very good defense more 'lass' diarrhea is low more
lower than the average
or the camera
thank you for coming on the beaches
Michigan
good I love you
say what it is and would not like us to do as a kind of
let's say simulation to see how you can talk about the
more positive way in the price explained also in principle if not no
I would be here in manizales industry
or that project that obligation
that it would come out if indeed what it was raining down so they continue
taking into account those projects
and you think how is it that he went out to look for him that he had
today you could teach
I think it's better one of the things that there are and that's the feeling that
is that you would like to have more
not with more content pilots to tell you
in that line is the highest part marginalization did not come out of shape
positive
when your mother see that puts that interest in quito also to the morrón
they took here also more open
to be able to receive effort that what sum is doing now is a subject
quite complex filled in this period
so
yes i would like williams
to point at the blackboard
the way in which a phrase with which you could isis
endesa
yes i would like to improve classes with something positive positive something you know
her age we did not have something more or less positive and tell her that what you
would like
really bad and we are going to put it here I would like
continue
Continuous stores when the mandate of the chairlift emile heskey ends
so
let's take another attitude
open and effective and then if you want a yes or a I will not think then
you are going to choose and lower the reason why they believe that what you propose
Your mother, well, you can use elm rifles
obvious thought
because in them you also have to think about them little by little
nor our
if you want manuel aguilera and years
if they are reduced
decent type and budgets
Well, I wanted to tell you that I would like
who get family planning that exclusive
more and more tactically without turning on the tracks 2
if you have to trust me
That's why I can accompany Kirchner who demands permanent jorge
but there is more
do not let it get lost was this the development
because the
as well as teachers much more at ease because
ep I do not know
it is comfortable steam another taking as such the atlante visitor utn keep
with you
in love everyone has been with me
and none but it would also be good to point out that almost always something remains
these proposals
in greater adhesions to the speaker
the answer does not bend
after the company sncf network
Spain
I want to see in him a man undressed very well tired of manuela as tamara
xavi was too
guatemala is a first step in a very positive way
pretended to be in canada emilio growing sun does not have hers of
be together
I think there are many daughters who are going to feel for hundreds who would want to be one
how many times
Your mother would have explained the same sources and at this point in time
where you need these moments of concern
thank you very much for coming to parent school
ips
Manolita Mar have listened to the advice of our psychologist but they will get
hereinafter
address sexual issues in a less confrontational way or continue to clash
frontally let's see how they do after passing through our school of
parents
so much time and in family planning
espn3 that you leave that accompanies you
14s
it is not that I would think about it accompanied them yes they have given their vote 13
apples is not true that is a big step
what happens is that I would like you to have more confidence with me in these
topics but you have to talk calmly
the fermentation
Well, I'm staying with Zamorano Borja
nothing has changed
I accompany you to take something
fuck you stay there and we do not want to talk about the boxes no one there
nobody processed
Peace 28 Mar
what would you say to your daughter as well as manuel people and is too young
to have sex
I would ask him what worries him about sex
two
I would say that if those responsible for theirs is not for sex either
I'd say he's too young to be exposed to x-rays the answer
correct is the one that worries you
in sexual relations it is very important that you are demonstrating
accessible to our children and our daughters and it is also to start talking about
full sexuality way after quite on the street and especially doing a lot
emphasize those concerns and their feelings and not so much use
the talks and the sermons in order to get what we want
chile lived that number if you wanted to be well informed about sex
the apathy of the messes that can be put if you do not listen to their parents
2 I would suggest if we went together to a family planning center
I would ask that before looking for information out there I should talk
with their parents
the right answer
isolated companies once together to a family planning center
If you do not know how to approach the subject, it is very important to inform you if you can
go to a family planning center together there was a
advisory
It is very important that they talk not only about the risks but also the
most positive part of sexuality that the float parties traps Messi in a
way to the irresponsible
and above all
one thing yes
you think that talking about sex or can encourage them to have sex
today even before the before time do not stop to be unique that you are going to do
is to protect
the same ones that I would not hesitate to tell you that they became serious
seatbelt when they get they ride in a car one of them say
who use a contraceptive method to protect themselves, such as
preservative